feat: ddos secuity card (#21610)
supabase/supabase: apps/www/pages/security.mdx

</Section>

<Section icon={<ShieldCheckIcon strokeWidth={1}/>}>

### DDoS Protection

Supabase combats Distributed Denial of Service attacks in several ways to mitigate resource abuse and prevent runaway bills.

> In addition to protection at the Cloudflare level, we employ fail2ban on instances and [customizable rate limiting and abuse prevention](/docs/guides/platform/going-into-prod#rate-limiting-resource-allocation--abuse-prevention) safeguards at the API level such as CAPTCHA for auth endpoints. Users can set [spend caps](/docs/guides/platform/spend-cap) to prevent surprise bills.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to protection at the Content Delivery Network level via Cloudflare, we employ [fail2ban](https://github.com/fail2ban/fail2ban) to prevent brute force logins. Users can set up [customizable rate limits and CAPTCHA](/docs/guides/platform/going-into-prod#rate-limiting-resource-allocation--abuse-prevention) for critical API routes and [spend caps](/docs/guides/platform/spend-cap) to prevent surprise bills.
```
